
EasySim is an aid in teaching and
                           learning digital electronics. It allows
                           fast prototyping and functional
                           testing of small to medium digital
                           circuits. The program provides a
                           range of logic gates, plus input and
                           output devices: switches, lamps
                           and digital displays. The screen
                           editor allows fast creation and
              validation of the circuit, and a selectable on-screen grid
              aids in component placement and alignment. Online
              help is also provided.


                           Digital Works 95 is a freeware
                           graphical design program that lets
                           you create digital logic circuits and
                           analyze their behavior. Circuits can
                           be composed of simple gates and
                           flip-flops. Tri-state logic can be
                           used to construct systems with
                           buses, plus there are mechanisms
                           for detecting race conditions and
              bus contention. One of the program's best features is its
              ability to create macros. This means you can convert a
              circuit into a logic element, then use the new logic
              element as a building block in the construction of
              more-complex circuits. The complex circuit can also be
              converted into a new logic element, and so on. With
              this feature, you can create a hierarchy of digital
              objects, with each new level hiding the complexity of its
              implementation. Examples of macros include counters,
              shift registers, and data registers -- you can even make
              integrated circuits. Digital Works 95 features an
              easy-to-use interface with toolbars, a template editor,
              and a logic history window. Several sample files are
              included.